README.md, before:

# Blender-Screen-Tabs-Add-on

![Blender Screen Tabs add-on Gumroad cover](https://i.imgur.com/ND3tYkg.png)

**Screen Tabs** is a modification of the **Info Editor** header area which provide a more consistent and nice way to interact with screens in Blender.
It is inspired by the new workspace tabs in 2.8 as well as by desire of finding ways to improve current UI.

Features:
 - Individual icons for each tab
 - Tabs reordering
 - Cleaner statistics with icons
 - Hiding individual statistics parts
 - Refactored buttons for more space

Install it like a regular Blender add-on:
 1. Click **Install Add-on from File** in **Add-ons** section of **User Preferences** and select screen_tabs.py
 2. Enable **Screen Tabs** add-on in **UI** category

Tips:
 - To enter edit mode enable **Edit Info Header** checkbox in **Window** menu
 - To save changes of tabs use **Save Startup File** in **File** menu
 - Hiding individual statistics parts saves per scene
 - Tab highlight color references to the **Inner Selected** color of **Regular** section in **User Interface** area of **Theme**
 - Supports Blender 2.79+

I would appreciate any feedback:
 - [Blenderartists topic](http://bit.ly/Blenderartists-Screen-Tabs-Add-on)
 - stepanovoleg.dev@gmail.com

Commit message:

Added link to GoB ZBrush Import Export add-on.

README.md, after:

# Blender-Screen-Tabs-Add-on

![Blender Screen Tabs add-on Gumroad cover](https://i.imgur.com/ND3tYkg.png)

**Screen Tabs** is a modification of the **Info Editor** header area which provide a more consistent and nice way to interact with screens in Blender.
It is inspired by the new workspace tabs in 2.8 as well as by desire of finding ways to improve current UI.

Features:
 - Individual icons for each tab
 - Tabs reordering
 - Cleaner statistics with icons
 - Hiding individual statistics parts
 - Refactored buttons for more space

Install it like a regular Blender add-on:
 1. Click **Install Add-on from File** in **Add-ons** section of **User Preferences** and select screen_tabs.py
 2. Enable **Screen Tabs** add-on in **UI** category

Tips:
 - To enter edit mode enable **Edit Info Header** checkbox in **Window** menu
 - To save changes of tabs use **Save Startup File** in **File** menu
 - Hiding individual statistics parts saves per scene
 - Tab highlight color references to the **Inner Selected** color of **Regular** section in **User Interface** area of **Theme**
 - Supports Blender 2.79+

Compatibility:
 - [Download](http://bit.ly/2QTMhuq) updated GoB ZBrush Import Export add-on for compatibility with Screen Tabs

I would appreciate any feedback:
 - [Blenderartists topic](http://bit.ly/Blenderartists-Screen-Tabs-Add-on)
 - stepanovoleg.dev@gmail.com
